Support runtimeClassName override (including in DAP) (#1546)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/configuration.v2alpha1.md

| [key].nodeSelector `map[string]string` | A map of key-value pairs. For this pod to run on a specific node, the node must have these key-value pairs as labels. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/ |
| [key].priorityClassName | If specified, indicates the pod's priority. "system-node-critical" and "system-cluster-critical" are two special keywords which indicate the highest priorities with the former being the highest priority. Any other name must be defined by creating a PriorityClass object with that name. If not specified, the pod priority is default, or zero if there is no default. |
| [key].replicas | Number of the replicas. Not applicable for a DaemonSet/ExtendedDaemonSet deployment |

> | [key].runtimeClassName | If specified, indicates the pod's RuntimeClass kubelet should use to run the pod. If the named RuntimeClass does not exist, or the CRI cannot run the corresponding handler, the pod will enter the Failed terminal phase. If no runtimeClassName is specified, the default RuntimeHandler will be used, which is equivalent to the behavior when the RuntimeClass feature is disabled. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].runtimeClassName | If specified, indicates the pod's RuntimeClass kubelet should use to run the pod. If the named RuntimeClass does not exist, or the CRI cannot run the corresponding handler, the pod enters the Failed terminal phase. If no runtimeClassName is specified, the default RuntimeHandler is used, which is equivalent to the behavior when the RuntimeClass feature is disabled. |
```

Author: Thanks, added in c43bfa78e9aef25e803af974896b34fc0e084c29
